In this video we're going to make this text area to
automatically resize its height based on the text
that contains inside it so that we can see entire body
of the question without need to scroll up or down
the text area.
All right
firstly let's navigate to this URL.
Here
let's copy the Installation Command
switch to our terminal.
Here
I'll run web pack by saying npm run watch
and then here I'll paste the command and then I'll
be adding -D to indicate that this package is dev
dependency or dependency that required for development
only. Now let's go to M Editor component.
Go to script section
and here
firstly let's import the auto size package.
Here we can make the text area to auto size by utilizing
this auto size function and specify the element.
Now the question is where we should
call the auto size in this component.
Do you have any idea? In my opinion
there are two possible ways.
The first one is a call it in watcher so watcher is
vue js feature that allows us to do something
whenever a particular property changes
so here we can add watch option
than here
when the body changes you want to do something
we can do so by adding here the body data property
that they want to watch over
and here we can console log a message
now and the second way is to utilize the updated life cycle hook.
This hook executed after data changes
in our component and a DOM re-render
so here let's also console log a message.
All right
let's save all changes
back to our browser
reload the page.
Now let's open our browser console.
then hit the edit button.
Now if we make any update here you can see the console
the watch body and updated hook messages appear.
So basically each option has similar behavior.
Every time we made change the body watcher
and updated hook will get triggered.
So let's switch back over to our editor
and from these options it's up to
you to choose which one you prefer.
In my case I'll be using the updated hook
so here
Let's replace this line with auto size and pass the
text area in. We can do that by saying document
dot query selector
text area
or we can also use the vue js way like so
and here I'll remove this watch option
okay
let's save. Back to our browser
reload the page
hit the edit button
here the height of the text area is not changing.
But when I make change here now it's has full height.
Actually this is not what we want.
We wanted the full height as soon as we hit the edit button.
Maybe we need to call the auto size in mounted hook.
Let's go back to our editor here
let's add mounted
copy this line
and paste here. Let's save back to our browser reload the page
and hit again the edit button
as you can see
Now our text area has full height.
We can see entire body question
without need to scroll the text area.
now
If you type something hit return
no scroll needed hear and I anything this much better.
I think that's all we need for this lesson.
Let's commit our changes to our git repo.